"Week 1 is about understanding the impact of your coaching decisions. "
            "This module highlights the depth and power behind every decision you make." so help me create a article on the following basis. in this article coaches need to understand the heirarchy of a championship winning basketball program. The core lies in player development with the player the outter lier is a the coaches and on top is management. When we look at the type of decisions each are responsible for they are create the entire dynamic throughout the program. The decision of who makes the team, the qualification of who will be teaching and  leading the team, the knowledge the team has to compete with. Upper level decisions determine if there is or is not a system, the depth of what the team is responsible and accountable for, and the they control whether the or not player development is growing or regressing. Here we start the teaching, player development is at the core therefore a leader who is able to determine the depth of development and the dynamicy met to ensure growth. The sentiments of basketball poses a dynamic atmosphere where for a player to be successful they must be strong enough, fast enough, skilled enough, and understand enough to meet the depth of sucess in a basketball game because everyone on the court has and wants to get to the goal. They want to meet their goals and the opponent wants it just as bad the question becomes how do you systemattically teach and develop a team efficiently and effectively wiht the time you have been given available. Coaches are responsible for player development within a team dynamic, they are responsible for holding each player to learning in practice as they are teaching. Week 1 should look completely different from week 10, gradually the beggining requires clear and direct communication and week 10 is designed around creating and setting expectations for the players to uphold and continue to push expectations. The power behind your decisions either bring your team forward or backwards, each message must be adjusted and crafted for a specific reason, in game, time out, after game, prepractice, you must create,  inform, and prepare your players of the sentiment of the arena that they will be fighting. The game,expectations, how to delineate between the drills posed in practice and the expectation set in the game, and why and how that looks. You have to continously correct and correct step 1 until the standard is met and only then can you move to step 2. The standard must be met 100% or it is not met and that is your job as a coach, first to understand and see the dynamicy of drills and realistic team expectatations that you can create to challenge your teams to meet game like standards and expectations. If the drill is working on transition how can we get controlled, fundamental movements in transition, we need to simply compare them to the fundamental tranisition break of a pg in the middle of the court and two wings wide as possible on each side of the court running their individual lanes and curls in at the free throw line to create a right and left option. This is a staple drill to teach a multitude of things and to set expectation when the ball is in transition. Many of time as a coach teacher you are teaching the connection to the game to your players because it is something they have never thought about. In the beginning you may teach them that transition is something that the defense dictates, if they get back on defense fast enough then there really is no transition opportunities so we should go into set. That simple concept is a clear delineation between two parts of the game that often get confused, however when a team/players understand that it gives them an advantage is competition. Basketball is a numbers game and ultimately you are trying to stack the odds on your side. We cannot directly control the outcome, however how we prepare will have a direct affect on the outcome. Creating a team in basketball that is dynamic and systematic starts with creating a hierarchy within reason. Many coaches lose out because they do not create strucutured dynamic plans to match their season goals and see themselves falling short. The heirarchy starts at your captiains because they are your overall dynamic examples that have made it a habit to do things the right way and hold themsleves accountable and responsible for understanding, running, and excuting the team system. These are your most bought in players, they may not be the most skilled or developed but overall you need a captiain that you can groom to set the tone and be the example. Next you have your star players, those who are typically either more skilled or more athletic than other players. These players you have to find a way to design your system around, you want to think about load management, therefore if they are someone you depend on heavily on offense you want to make sure your defense is comparable to the efforts necessary on offense. Next you have role players, who do specific things well. When things get close you have to look at role players in an overall consistency of what they actually are bringing to practice down to the detail. If one player can get the ball in the post or look to get the ball in the post to one of your effective bigs, that small look could be the difference between a role player. Throughout the season you have to create individual development time within practice to push your role player skill wise over the edge to being seen and more usable in the game. This will help out and prepare you for post-season, playoffs etc. Next are you weak links. The motto and truth is that you are only as strong as your weakest link, so you want to be on that immediately. You weakest link will ultimately take the most pressure, they will need the most work, this is who you will have to push the most so make sure you weak link is a tough cookie. This will require a balance because once they are overloaded there is no benefit of adding on to the load because it will only frustrate the player and create a toxic environment. There is a fine line between encouragement and setting an expecation and as the leader you cannot be successful and be liked. You have to be the wall that the player need to grow the same way you have to be that soft tone teacher in the moment when players are going through, understanding where the player is in the process is important. The process is tricky and you have to see who that player is choosing to be in certain/critical momements because they are showing their true colors. Those colors must meet the standard, the must be responsible and accountable or else your entire system is flaw. Creating a game like environment in practice where players are responsible for understanding and mentally being apart of the practice is a huge element that pays off post season and also at the end of game when it requires the most mental toughness. The importance of decisions as coach completely lifts up a team and moves them one or two directions and each regressive direction requires another action, additional time, energy, lift it back up and over twice the distsance in oder to reach the original desired growth. Therefore you decision are designed like a double edge sword saying if you teach the right way, then you efforts has the potetial to multiply, however regressive decision have the ability to do the same.